What is up guys it won't come out.
So now in this video we will be setting working up a web that generate all of the product setting.
OK.
So we have a general display and Rountree and downloadable products.
OK so let's just go with the general right now.
OK we have the vaid unit.
This is the K.G. you can select Pound's if you want to.
OK.
But we will be going up to the cage and the dimensions unit is going to be sending me her.
So this will help you in controlling the shipping rate and everything like if the estate is to K.G.
you can add one more shipping in that.
OK.
So you can add that OK and then we have the Enable reviews.
So how this is going to work if I just come here you can see that people can review my product from
here that we at it.
So and this is this is showing that you can enable the reviews show varified owner label on customer
reviews what they mean is that if someone has bought this product right here and then he leaves the
review then it will show a verified owner in the bad crown in the brackets that this person has basically
bought this specific product.
So this I mean OK so you can just show it and you can also just check it that reviews can only be left
by verified owners if I just selected and save the changes and then I come here and refresh this.
You can see that I haven't bought this product so I cannot add the preview.
You can see is only customers who have protégées this product Meleager view.
This is coming.
Since I haven't purchased this product since this product is not under my account page and under the
orders section since I don't have made any order yet.
That is why I can not add Live View review right here.
OK.
So this is what they mean.
OK and then we have the Enable star ratings and then we have the star rating should be required not
optional.
OK.
So this is really very important because we meaning to add this story.
So reviews can be left by varified owners.
I'm just going to uncheck this but I would highly recommend you to check this out because reviews should
only be left by varified owners and other ways.
What is the reason of the revues man.
Seriously if no one has bought the product then they would be fake reviews and something like that and
your company's name would go down.
So make sure that its Check this one this is really important and OK and then we have to go to the display
array here and in the display we have the show page.
OK.
The shop page displays show products you can show the categories and show the categories and the products
in the shop page.
Okay.
And then we have the default category display.
So its going to show the products show subcategories show subcategories and products.
Okay.
So what they mean basically I mean to explain you everything.
So this is basically the shop page.
If we go to all pages.
Okay.
And then here we go to shop right here so you can see these pages are default.
Create it.
If we go to shop page right here and there we just said it
then you can see who does nothing.
Okay there's nothing coming.
But this is the view commers shop page.
This space is a special archive that list your product.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here and you can see shop page is my space.
I can choose any other page to be my shop page as well.
By the bye if this is created this is created the shop I just created why would I need to add any other
product I had any other product associated that to the shop.
OK.
So then we have the shop page display the shop page will only display the products.
It will not display the categories otherwise it would look a mess.
OK.
You can design your home page but your shopping should only show all the products that has been added
to your site.
OK.
So if I just select If I select the shop and show categories and then I come here and then I refresh
my site you're going to see instead of this here will be a category and this is showing t shirts.
OK.
I'm just going to come here again.
I'm going to select my shop page show the product if I select shop and show categories and products
then I'm going to show both the things.
OK let's just come here.
You been see T-shirts and T-shirts from men.
So it is so all so confusing so make sure that you select only one.
Otherwise it totally depends upon you what settings you want to go with.
Then we have to show products the fall category display.
If I just come here and I open this up you can see that here I have the T-shirts.
This is basically called the default category.
If I come here you can see it is showing default category display products only you can show subcategories
we can assign subcategories.
You already know about it.
So you can also show subcategories and you can also show subcategories and products.
But since we can't this is the default one so this will all be applied to all the categories.
We can make some categories that we're going to work with and we're going to add to be like.
These categories will only show subcategories only.
OK.
I'm going to show you that how can you create those categories that only show the subcategories and
not the products associated with it.
OK.
And then we have the fall product starting this is like custom ordering and the name.
So like it they'll be like how the product will start on the page right here.
If I just go to shop page right here you can see that my products are basically sart sordid.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to show products and then I'm going to hit CVS right now because I want to show the products
in here so I'm going to refresh right now and you can see this is great coming
so this is like how you want the song to be so I can like the popularity those products that has the
most sales.
They will come on top.
So you can like sword and love and like that's OK you can also Google like evidence reading show the
most recent.
But you must go with a custom ordering it.
OK.
So like it will come with the name and then it will come with a custom ordering So if you want to bring
any product to the top you can do the custom ordering as well.
OK.
And then we have two card behavior.
It is like when someone adds a product to the card.
OK so if I just hit add to cart what it's going to do enable the ejects card add two card Brydone on
archives redirect the card page after successful edition What is this.
Let me just come here and you can see that if I just click here the Ajax is going to work.
Ajax means that the page will not be loaded and the product will be automatically sent to my shopping
cart which is this.
So if I just click here just see this that this quantity will be increase.
This will be set to one item in this pricing movie.
Here let me click here.
We go.
This is right here the page load.
So this is we call it jacks and if I click here you can see this will be removed.
Let me come here.
Let me just click here.
OK.
On and on clicking this and and then I hit save and then I come here and then I freeze fresh my page.
And then you are going to see that if I click here it's going to redirect me to my card tray here and
it takes T-shirt for men has been added to your card and now you can update your card.
Or you can go to proceed to checkout.
We have also added the shipping rate as well.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work.
These settings are really very important and make sure that you understand each and everything if nothing
is clear to you.
Make sure to ask in that due to me question for him.
OK you guys already know about it how you can ask.
OK.
Let me uncheck this and if I just uncheck this and then I hit save.
Then you can see that the jacks will not work.
OK.
So if I just add two card displays reload and then the product will be added to my card.
So let's just hit.
You can see the page is loaded and then it is gumming that your product was added to the card.
OK.
So I would recommend you to go with the index because this is really important.
And this is the new functionality so why are you just being like I don't want to use it or something
like that.
OK.
So here we go.
I'm just going to go I'm here I'm going to go down and then I'm going to hit save changes.
And now we're totally done with this display.
Where else so here in the catalog images this is basically called the catalog in the shop page is called
Catalog So it's going to show 300 by 300 pixel images only.
So make sure that you leave it as default unless you want to just have your own settings and you are
just being so designing that you want to everything to be perfect and everything should be of this size
and this size.
Then you can manage them.
But we will be doing this later on and we will build our professional based Web site to do not worry.
Okay.
And then we have the inventory system this is also really very important words in mentary.
Okay let me just basically explain you.
You can see that if I have this product tray here if I just open this up and this product I have only
this product and trendy in my house.
OK.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm going to go to Edit product and then in there I've mentioned some
mirror that I have only 20 in my stocks and that this will appear right here.
People understand this.
We will understand this later on.
I'm just telling you that this is the auction and you can do it and we'll show you how you can do it
later on when you'll move side by side OK.
So this is like enabled the stock management.
This is basically a fringe.
They say that how many products you have it's going to manage everything.
And even if the products reaches that they if all the 20 are sold then no one can buy from it and it
will be automatically hidden from my shop page.
OK so this is how this will commerce work.
Everything is right here.
Hold stock.
Minutes hold stock for unbathed orders for X minutes.
When the limit is reached the pending order will be Kancil leave blank to disable.
OK so this is like four pending orders.
If we don't we have the products left OK like we haven't shipped the product.
If we have got a product right here and the customer hasn't paid us.
OK.
So then his auditor will be left.
For 60 minutes and after that his order will be canceled and we can ship that product to somebody else.
OK.
So this is what I mean.
And his product will be automatically his order will be automatically removed from the panel and make
sure that you add that in your terms and conditions because they are really very important.
And if you don't mention that then any of your customers can sue you for this.
Not not to what anyone can say that they are like this and we don't trust you.
So make sure you just explain each and everything in your terms and conditions based terms and conditions
are really very important.
Many people say that no one reads this work especially the girls.
Even my sister reads every.
Terms and conditions she says Dad why don't you read the Terms and Conditions whenever you want to buy
something for anyone.
You will read the whole terms and conditions like this.
So make sure that you added because some people who do read the terms and condition and make sure that
you are some of you also must be reading the terms and conditions to make sure that you mention that
OK.
And then we have the notification recipient.
If any order is re here OK then the email will be sent to this like.
If the products two products are left then an email will be sent to my email address.
Hurry up you have two products left.
Please get them or adjust and update your products and the settings and update that you have so much
quantities left.
OK so then we have a low stock notifications enable low out-of-stock notifications.
These notifications will be sent to this email address.
Then we have low stock thresholds so this is like when introduced to the low stock notification they'll
be sent to this out of stock.
So this is zero when a zero notification will be sent to this email address.
Out-of-stock.
Visibility.
Hide.
Out of stock I.
Them from the catalog.
This is what I'm saying right now OK.
So if I have 25 products and all of them are sold OK then I want to hide the product.
Obviously I don't want to show it in my catalog.
You can show that out-of-stock is here if you want.
If you just hide it.
If you just uncheck it then the title will appear that it is out of stock and no one can buy it but
it will still be appearing in the catalog of yourself so you can do that if you want to.
It is not a problem.
And then we have stock display far made.
All this show quantity remaining in stock like example 12 in stock only Shaquanda the remaining in stock
van law.
Example only two left in stock.
Never a sure quantity intermeeting stock so if I just come here and I have twenty five in my stock then
it is going to show that 25 are in stock.
You have to mention that I will show you how you can manage it.
Don't be confused but let me show you.
Let's just go to Edit product frais here.
OK and then let's go down and let's go to in mentary right here OK.
And then we have the stock managed stock I just click here and I have the stock quantity.
I'm going to select here like I have 20 in my stock and then I hit a day right now.
OK.
And then let's go ahead and let's review the product so you can see that it is showing it is showing
20 in stock right here.
So if someone buys it it will be fun less if someone buys it.
So I can also do like if only show the remaining low.
So we have low threshold is said to do.
So that if the trend if it is set too low and this limit is reached then it will only show that.
Only 2 left in stock and red alert will be like here.
So you can also do it like that and you can also show that no never showed a quantitative meaning in
stocks if I just come here and I'll rephrase this you will see that it will not be appearing.
OK.
It is coming in stock but it is not coming.
That twin beanstalk stock or something like that so you can also show it to just increase the credibility
like no one can know what is a contadino if I just come here and I just go I cannot go beyond 20 because
I do not have more if I just come here and I add 25 and then I try to hit Add to Cart.
You can see value must be less than or equal to 20 because we have 20 in stocks.
This way commerce is really clever guys.
OK.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit this all this the quantity remaining in stock.
I'm going to hit this and you can see everything is totally up and running.
And now the last thing we have is the downloadable products.
So you can see a file download mattered.
It is going to be forced download if you have any of the product that is the software and if someone
purchases it then it will be automatically downloaded.
You don't have to go in the download page and find the link to download the forced download means and
it'll be automatically downloaded axil X will read it and redirect only it will redirect you to the
link and then it'll download so you can choose that how you want it to be downloads required log in.
OK so what you have to select because the people the person has to log in and then he can download.
OK.
Guaran granted access to downloadable products after being unable this option to grant access to downloads
when orders are processing rather than completed.
OK so you have to check this one because this is also important and you can also check this one if you
are like selling some software then then people can log in to your site and then they can download from
this my account panel and then that.
OK so you can also.
So like this one.
So now it is wholly done.
Everything in the products and in the next video will be working a bit.
Tax shipping and everything so Stadio and Babai.